Dragging on the lines in the generator screen doesn't work - must change button size


A. Mask node must go under the snow emitter
B. Buttons must come back from the left
C. Colour transitions must be slower
D. Help text needs to fade out and back in (in correct - new - colour)
E. Stop the Controller screen getting wiped out
F. Going from four to six internal pips on going to "night and day"

Change the colour of the triple button texts to complement the background
Change the colour of the game names in the game packs to complement the background

For Pete:

Dragging on the tappable button/texts needs to drag the InfoCycler

BUG FIXES

1. Stop it crashing when zero balls are chosen.
2. Try pressing the info and settings button at same time - stop this


Put up a sign after the end of a game in the design screen: "Finished in 13s", etc.

Final before release

1. Improve animation on the mini-designer in the second opening screen.
2. Get rid of the base/multiplier for zone scores - translate the genomes
3. Improve the layout of the social icons generated on iPad
5. Sort out the placement of the zone scores (try -1 for whites all round, no blues)

PUT SCRAMBLE BACK ON!!
















Images

Christmas Vector

Winter scene
Christmas Decoration red background
Silver background with snowflakes
Snowflakes bright light
Winter landscape
Abstract christmas background
Blue background christmas ball made snowflakes
Black christmas background with gold balls


Bug fixes

1. +Off on tap
2. Fix generation scramble

Before release

Change AI Assistant hand in info screens
Stop AI being shown in stats screen for the non-preset games and when only AI assist in quitted games
Issue with ball sizes
Home button pressed when ImageCycler is cycling causes it to stick - put it back on re-start of app.

Necessary:

Fixing everything for the iPad

Info and credits screen updated
Text removed from the Ice Scuplture screen
Sensible random generator settings
Move the generation of the generator sextuplets to the start, not on press of the generator button

Stretch Goals:
Renaming of saved games
AI Assistant on and off for the stats screen
More encouragemnt and ceremony in the score screen
Widen the two cyclers in the settings screen
Improved opening scene
Delete stats button

Snow emitter (behind the scenes) should start offscreen.

InfoGraphics: last column needs to be same width as the first four! (Don't forget the blank infographics one)

===
Wish list for version 2:

Social media integration
Gamesparks integration
Auto generation of screenshots for games
===
